Update index.md (#31363)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/api/stream_api/index.md

```bash
src search -stream "secret count:all"
```

> ### Q: Are there plans for parallelization/convenience-wrappers/multiplexing/etc.?
> 
> At time of writing, there are no such plans for parallelization/convenience-wrappers/multiplexing/etc. If a user wants these characteristics, we would recommend that user to write their own scripts that handles firing multiple requests, accepting the return values, and formatting/parsing them as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Q: Are there plans for supporting a streaming client or interface with more functionality (e.g., parallelizing multiple streaming requests or aggregating results from multiple streams)?

There are currently no plans to support additional client-side functionality to interact with a streaming endpoint. We recommend users write their own scripts or client wrappers that handle, e.g., firing multiple requests, accepting and aggregating the return values, and additional result formatting or processing.
```

I think we want to make it clear that "parallelization" refers to multiple client-side requests (we do parallelize the actual search internally).
